
Once upon a time, there was an innocent girl who lived in a small house in Dartmouth, England.
She lived with her grandmother, a frail, petitle old woman who seemed to forget everything and remember everything, all at the same time.
"Did you see my cup of tea, dear?" the grandma asked.
"It's right in your hands, Grandma." the girl patiently replied.
THe grandma looked down at her hands unseeingly, lost for a moment before she noticed the porcelain cup in her shivering hands. 
"Oh!" she chuckled and brought the cup to her mouth, sipping from it daintily.
"You know, I wasn't so forgetful in my youth. I used to be able to remember everything and anything. You give me a number and I could remember it for days." 
The grandma suddenly sat up with a jolt. Delight filled her cloudy eyes.
"13 Street, Stratford-Upon-Avon, round the corner and walk through the bushes, through the wrought iton gate."
The girl was confused. But then she shook her head and smiled at her grandmother. "That's nice, Grandma."
"No! You don't understand! 13 Street, Stratford-upon-Avon, round the corner and walk through the bushes, through the wrought iron gate! 13 Street, Stratford-Upon-Avon, round the corner and walk through the bushes, throuh the wrought iron gate. 13 Street, Stratford-Upon-Avon..."
The girl was taken aback by the sudden outburst. Grandmother never shouted at her before. 
"Grandma?" the girl said tentatively.
"Quiet!" the grandmother barked. 
"Go to that address." 
And so the girl did. 
She left the house that night with a bag of clothes and a small pouch of coins. Grandma didn't speak, not even when the girl left the house.
The grandmother shut the door silently and retreated back to her spot underneath the great big clock. 
And so the girl left.
Three days later. The girl had made it to the address safely.
She had only been mugged once and beaten up twice, but that was fine. The girl was fine.
The girl knocked on the door. 
It opened and a ghostly face appeared.
It grinned.
It reached out with one bony grey arm.
And it snatched the girl. 
"I see Aileen has decided her time has come."
The girl looked numbly at the hideous face. She didn't know what to say.
"Wondering, pondering, oh so curious, aren't you, little girl?"
She blinked. Grandma's name was Aileen.
"Oh, litle Aileen."
"She swore she would never give you to me."
"'Not even to save yourself?' I had asked sweet Aileen."
"'No.' she had replied. I was delightfully surprised. But I predicted that she wouldn't last. I predicted that she wouldn't be able to resist."
"'Resist what?' You may ask, little one. Resist life, of course."
"She simply couldn't hold on to her word."
"Away you go, litle one."
